Marina Olga Moreno is going to Big Brother VIP let's
see there has been a lot of speculation about
this issue and with the possibility that
September, due in part to the
audience crisis, could lift the vetoes
because we have already seen that in recent
weeks, barring some months or another,
some small
concessions have been made regarding the Kiko
Rivera issue, which did not last long because Kiko was already
firm, we have seen some, we saw
an image of Antonio David a frame in I do
n't know where we saw something, okay And yes, it is
true, in the event that that were the case, it would be
a success, there is more that it coincided with
Marta Ríos with this house, which I do not think
could happen because Antonio David
The poor guy already ends up in Greece Imagine
that Circus speaking here in
colloquial language, what I have done and I have
written something, he
has always answered me both by
phone and by WhatsApp super well and
such And yes, it is true, he has not even read me, I
mean, he has not even read me and I have
put something else to him and he has not even
read me So this is already
speculation, normally she always
reads me, she answers me